[Music]
What's wrong with me kids, well it wasn't
even two hours ago that
I uploaded the video of the controversy with Dallas and
Drop that I see this in my
subscriptions when I get dressed in my
subscriptions this video of Dallas I didn't
say it can't be it can't be that the
[ __ ] is here he wants to get involved in all
the controversies he just doesn't stop that I
don't complain that a controversy against me
brings me to comment better for my
balls but it's crisis how can it be
how can it be I had just found out everything
that had happened with Forms with the
strike with Dulce Ida and the whole story
is that I'm going to summarize and I had no
idea that Dallas could be
involved okay and when I saw the
thumbnail and the title of this video I said there it is, he
wants to join in the
controversy he's already attracting attention he's already
wanting people to know the cream of the crop so
be trends and all but after
watching the video I have to say that in this
case I understand Dallas quite well okay I
'm going to summarize a little more or less what
happened and then  I'm going to give you my opinion the
issue in question is that forces is a
youtuber who uploads interviews on the
street and is dedicated to doing
interviews on the street that give some
very funny videos I really like the
content forms I don't think it's a
kid who has done it with bad
intentions but normally what he does
is get into color and get into
trouble where he knows that the people
who are there with some peculiarity that was
worth it the valid one with his answer we are going to
discard a person who has gotten
into Francoist rallies to
show us all that these people exist
and has risked their lives be the temperance
that he has to have for fast because
when he is in a place like this and
people start saying those
macho nonsense that they say in the videos the
temperance that you have to have to take and
not say four things those kids I would
like to have it myself I would
like to have my mother on this
occasion the video that sparked the controversy
was about how he gets into a
party of kids who are very
crazy and starts to  ask him on
youtube what he would say if they had
certain youtubers in front of him and
asked him about your followed by with me
suck lauro play by dallas by laura is
meat and by marín yesterday if I'm not mistaken my
memory doesn't fail me I'm not missing
any of them the stupid things that these
kids utter out of their mouths are the
best that I've seen in a long time
it seems that he had gotten into a
monkey cage in a
chimpanzee cage it's a complete shame
the insults they put are so strong
that I can't put that
video extract here because he would throw himself at me in the
video too they say things to me to dulce ira they say
things like pig I supported her [ __ ] I
[ __ ] in your ass daughter you [ __ ] I'm telling you the
truth like in the first hour the
controversy was focused only between
forms and dulce vidas well I only
believed that he enjoyed la dulce vida in
that video in fact I went to his twitter and I
only saw the video extract where they
mess with dulce vida I had no idea that he
also talked about others
apparently for six days she felt very offended
things that  I understand perfectly
dulce vidas is not my favorite
but I understand perfectly that you see
this video and maybe you do not understand the
context in which you make your videos
the style you have because they can
misinterpret it because if they do not know the
content they
basically force the salt throw the
question and then put the extracts and
then at the end of the video he tells us well
this is a shame what a [ __ ]
of society does not give any opinion
simply puts them
edits them with a tone of humor so that
we laugh but we laugh at
the stupid things they say I mean in this
case for me okay the one who makes a
fool of himself is the one who says the stupid things it
is not the person who is being insulted
in this case of ceidas for me in this
video in which they call dulce the
filthy pig I would support her I [ __ ] in
your ass for me the one who makes a fool of himself
is the one who is throwing the insults do not
try dulce irá be the one who has to
feel bad okay but obviously
any kid can offend you or
any kid comes across a
video like this trending where insults are made in
that way and  it offends and it hurts okay and it
's not that I have very thin skin but I'm
telling you that they are real nonsense and it hurts
also it depends on how the day asks you
if you understand the context of the video
maybe it doesn't have to because they offend
because I repeat that the one who has to
feel ashamed is the person who
appears in that video a few hours later by
force first they put an
age restriction on him and then a strike eliminates him from
the video and they put
a strike on him when I saw the piece of candy and sincerely it didn't seem like that much as for a strike because I have very strong discussions on my channel in which sometimes I have gone crazy that when I start insulting and I think there may be even worse things on my
channel that are even monetized
so I said well the video will be appealed
surely the video will be returned
whatever it is most likely that
the age restriction will be exceeded because
once YouTube reviews that video and a
physical person of the things that are being
said in that video and I don't think they will
make it suitable for all audiences it
also depends a bit on the criteria of
whoever asked it would be in front of the
screen but  I repeat, it seems to me that the
youtuber who normally, apart from a couple
of sessions, usually avoids controversy, he
doesn't usually get into any and I think that his
videos are not made as if supporting what they
are saying, whether the videos are forceful, he
makes them as if to say look, look what
you can find these days on the
street, at least that's how I understand it. What
I didn't know and what I didn't expect
because I didn't see the full video,
I repeat, I only saw the piece of dulce
ida, is that another youtube also appeared
in the video, for example, there is the win
michu aarón play and the others when I saw
the full video,
the cross or the part where they talk about
dallas, it is absolutely outrageous,
but absolutely outrageous, I mean,
die, you can go to your [ __ ] grave,
cradle robber, I'm going to your girlfriend, fall, already,
girl abuser, and I'm
going to support your sister. I understand perfectly
that dallas came across that video and I
threw myself into a fire with the desire to
grab a sawed-off machine gun and
go out to the party and get into trouble, let's
update a little with  the rest and
let's put ourselves in the shoes of the
affected people because I have seen
comments both in the video of form
and on twitter that justify that dulce
and dasha the sense offended and that I have
misinterpreted the video of forms but
that Dallas can go to hell that
Dallas can go to hell because Dallas no matter how much Dallas he
is if you don't like him or
when you think that he's screwed up we hit him in the
mouth but we hit him in the mouth
putting contradictions with
arguments with [ __ ] that he will do but we can't
take it because we don't like him and
justify saying things
like your girlfriend or I'm going to your sister
is that I imagine that Dallas all
turned on at the moment he comes across
that video and I understand it
perfectly or rather if I come across
that I come across a video in which they
are saying those stupid things to my
family because look I think that
even knowing the content of
forms then even if they had left out
the insults towards Dallas exemplary
mistreated a son of a [ __ ] die I
could see it let it go but I already  there was
no way I would have allowed
a video to exist on the internet where he says he
[ __ ] my sister or my girlfriend well, even
less and my sister is 12 years old, there was
no way under any circumstances I would
allow that video to continue being uploaded
to YouTube and surely surely if I
get really angry that I would go crazy tremendously
when after the ops I already go crazy tremendous tremendous tremendous
surely I will not only report this video I will
surely go like a [ __ ]
sick person watching that whole channel to see what
other videos I can report even if it
costs me work I will recognize one
thing that is true because it is that there
are even many people who not only
justify the fact that each one is
screwed that you can say those things to him
because they will be or not there are even
people who complain that they are complaining
and they are getting involved when he speaks for having
put a strike and he is
calling him censor and things like that
look I am a person that I believe that in
the community of Spain if I am not the one who is the
most critical and that the
most huántar and such they give to Dallas and that the
most caresses him
being the scrotum and my daughter more Dallas
has thrown a video at me if the data were to
get bad if Dallas were to get
bad I am totally sure that he
could throw some video at me and he
has never, ever thrown a video at me, never
of course I think that no matter how much he gives it
all the balls I have never crossed
the line to have to do that of
reporting a video but the system is
a huge one in the community okay that I
think that forces you don't have them very
clear I think that in shape when I have seen
the video when I have seen the video in
which he tells something about the digital extra I
think that forces don't have
clear ideas about the community norms and that it is
also evident that they have never put it
extra in never has many problems and does
not know much about how
YouTube works there are many people who believe that
because you mess with someone who has a
lot of fans you are going to get a strike and that is
not always the case,
a lot of people can report the video okay let's
imagine a video has a lot of
reports and then maybe at
first YouTube will throw it at you but yes it had to be
skinned without  you skin it because you think
the video has nothing
oh it is not deserved because if you appeal it
someone reviews it and if the video
really has nothing they will
return it especially if you are a youtuber
with a large number of subscribers they will
return it in no time I mean they have
thrown videos at me and they have returned it to me
in two or three hours and there is one thing that
says way and that is that dulce and
daschle's fans have thrown the video and that
because of them they have a strike and I don't
think it's because of
dulce's fans and there are others that are your fault
ways I know that you did not do it with bad
intentions I want to think that I want to think that you did
not do it with bad
intentions because I have been following you for a while
I know that you normally avoid controversies
because telling like that it's
true that you have been put in quite a few times
but there are community rules and
even if you are not the one who spews
that venom out of your mouth you are responsible for the
content that you upload I mean imagine
that I eat and I find there in the middle
of the street two guys [ __ ]
lying there on the road in  middle of
the road cutting off traffic and
is leaning
so I take it and say how funny I'm
going to make a video I recorded it with my
camera and below a video commenting on it
obviously if I put here some
images
of those two people [ __ ] in the middle
of the road the responsibility and the
strike for sexual content is going to go to
me that I'm uploading it on my channel it
seems to me a pure coincidence and a great
coincidence very difficult that precisely
your friends have not said anything bad or
almost nothing bad and be careful with him I do not
mean that I want them to insult
Aurore or insult Michu because
right now the truth is I have a good
relationship with both for one and the
other no problem and I think that nobody
deserves such a strong insult no
but I find it very curious I find it very
curious about your Edith it's a video make
humor with that I'm going to your sister mega
your girlfriend fails with gas even labels
with those words and in the part of win
Michu and Aurum play they do not say anything bad
the drunks because no matter how well
a youtuber falls no matter how good person they
are always someone is going to you  insult
all the youtubers to all the
youtubers there's always someone who's going to
insult you one thing I want to say today
is to take the opportunity to remind you that I've
always said that for things like
these it
's why we shouldn't put family members,
much less minors,
okay I don't want this to be taken
as an justification how easy it is for her
sister to take it because people have the
right to say crazy things, it's
not worth it nobody has the right to say
these things but if I hadn't
exposed her these things could have been avoided
because if you know that you are a
controversial and hated person don't
risk it like that put yourself out there
okay and you are responsible for what they
say to you you probably won't give
a damn
okay because surely the one who is more or
less like me who doesn't give a damn what they
say about me there's nothing in the
world that matters less to me but you don't
give a damn what they say about your family that's
why when you have a channel and a
character like that it's best not to
expose others and there's another thing that I
want to highlight that doesn't fit me at
all when you interview
drunk people  drunk kids
most people when we drink
a lot and when we are under the influence
of drugs we will
probably say things that
the next day we might be ashamed of
at what times
big like this is appropriate that someone who is
not in full use of their
mental faculties can be exposed to at least
a million people
and above all without having censored their
face or anything I
want to run and so one of them
wakes up in the morning comes that they are
trending on youtube to say in a
normal way at 12 years old with this I do not want to
justify that because of being
drunk you can say those things because
I have gotten really drunk in my
youth I have gotten really drunk
and I have never had sex and I have never told anyone
that I want to [ __ ] their 12
year old sister okay anyway my conclusion is that it is
completely deserved by many
in a way that it was not done with all the
bad intentions in the world completely
but that it already serves as experience
to have a little more tact and
care in the next occasions that I
understand perfectly in this case
Dallas's anger and I see it totally
justified it may even  Many of
us would have felt worse if we
put ourselves in a superior position, so nothing,
gentlemen, have a good weekend
and see you in the next video.